Thanks for trying this niche fashion recommender system! This project is inspired by TikTok's diverse 
and, at times, extremely specific fashion styles (e.g., clowncore, coastal grandmother). It was created
by Frija Reinert and Sam Haseth for our Social Computing class at Gustavus Adolphus College.

A few important things to note before you begin:
   
    - These images aren't perfect: each of these images were manually filtered; however, it is possible
      that a few particularly scandelous or otherwise offensive may have slipped through the cracks. We
      rate this system approx. PG13. Some images may also be less focused on clothing and more on hair/make 
      up styles, accessories, or a graphic (that you might wear on a t-shirt).

    - Because we pulled these automatically from Pinterest, it is also possible that you will be shown 
      the same photo more than once as it was used for multiple styles. We recommend you try to answer 
      the same way for each photo, but it's not a big deal if you don't.

    - Unfortunately, we were not able to figure out a way to reliably close each image after it is shown.
      This means, at the end of the quiz, you may be left with 50-200 images open in your image viewer.
      We hope that your system allows you to close all tabs at once. If not, please take notice of this
      fault in the program before you begin.

    - If your system uses MacOS, you may need to reconfigure your settings to allow this program to read
      your keystrokes in order to work.

Instructions:

    - The # of images shown, as well as the time taken, will differ each run, but expect this quiz to take
      roughly 10 minutes.

    - Once you run the program, you will be presented with a series of images on your screen displayed
      through your computer's image viewer. To respond to these images, simply press the "y" key, for 
      yes, if you like the clothing shown in that image, or "n," for no, if you do not like that style.

    - After you respond to an image, a new one will be shown. If the image appears to not go away, wait
      a few seconds, your system may be lagging a bit. If the image still doesn't go away, try pressing
      the same key again--sometimes the same image may be shown twice in a row.

    - At the end of the quiz, you will be shown an image that says "you're all done," where you must then
      navigate back to the terminal to view your results--you may have to scroll up a little.

About the project:

    - This program contains ~500 different styles, and 3-4 thousand photos in total. Each style was 
      grouped into a cluster and matched with its 5 most similar styles. This program first performs 5
      rounds of presenting an image from each cluster, then it uses your input to show you pictures from
      your most liked styles so far, as well as their similar styles and 1 random style just for fun. The
      styles, as well as their descriptions, were pulled from the website https://aesthetics.fandom.com/.
      The images were pulled from Pinterest using the pinscraper program created by GitHub user iamatulsingh.
